Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie here!
And Today we'll be talking about a science
fiction film called Pacific Rim Uprising!
Be ready for some spoilers ahead!
10 years ago, the human race was attacked
by giant monsters called Kaijus, when a breach
was opened up by an alien civilization called
the Precursors.
Humanity is forced to build their own monsters
in the form of giant machines called Yeagers,
in order to protect the species from total
annihilation.
In the final battles, a human commander in
the name of Staker Pentacost blew up his own
Yeager to save the human race, finally closing
the breach and stopping the war.
Most of humanity eventually recovered from
the invasions, but few of the costal cities
are still struggling due to the pollutions
from the monster's blood.
Unlike his father Staker who's a war hero,
Jake is a petty thief who works along side
the criminals to steal Yeager technology from
the government.
When the group finally makes it into the heart
of the machine, they are surprised to find
that it's power core is missing, already stolen
by someone else.
Luckily, Jake is able to trace the signals
and evade the police, eventually arriving
inside an abandoned factory where he sees
a miniature Yeager that was built from scraps.
Before he can finish admiring the machine,
the man is attacked by the Yeager's builder,
but quickly gains the upper hand as the attacker
turns out to be a young girl called Amara.
Jake is overjoyed by his luck of finding this
goldmine and plans to sell everything here
despite the girl's protest, but they are quickly
interrupted by the approaching sirens,
as the police have followed them towards the
warehouse.
Amara immediately runs into her Yeager that
she named Scrapper and turns on the giant
machine, planning to escape from this place,
but Jake also climbs into the robot, demanding
to be the pilot instead.
The girl refuses to listen and breaks out
from the building's walls, running away from
the soldiers and thinking that she's escaped.
However, her celebration is interrupted by
a massive Yeager in the name of November Ajax,
who demands that they power down and surrender
immediately.
Amara raises her hands and appears to give
up, but fires multiple grenades onto the ground
that releases a field of gas, hiding their
locations and giving them a chance to run.
The miniature Yeager transforms into a ball
and rolls away from the pursuer, eventually
jumping into a building, as they try to hide
from the giant machine.
Realizing that they can't stay here forever,
Jake proposes a risky plan as they grab onto
the arm of November Ajax and climbs onto the
Yeager's head,
dropping one of their batteries and stunning
the opponent using electricity.
Amara takes the chance and tries to run away
while the power of their Yeager drops quickly,
but soon gets knocked over by November Ajax,
as the Giant robot has recovered already.
She tries to escape desperately but their
pursuer decides to end this ridiculous chase
and tasers them using electrical wires,
finally stopping the outlaws as the girl shouts
furiously at her captor.
They are taken into a holding cell and Jake
is offered to meet a high ranking officer,
who turns out to be Mako, his adopted sister.
She's very disappointed at Jake for his behaviors
and reveals that the man used to be a pilot
for the Yeagers but eventually quit and chose
to be a criminal instead.
In order to avoid prison, Mako offers Jake
a final choice to return to the academy so
that he can help train the younger generations,
including Amara.
They arrive in the piloting school on a remote
island of China, and they meet Lambert, a
ranger and former associate of Jake.
The man has a very low opinion of the main
character, and mocks him for choosing crime
instead of the military.
They head towards the headquarters and the
girl is amazed by the collection of Yeagers
in the facility, including Titan Redeemer
and it's giant spinning ball of death.
There's also Bracer Phoenix that's piloted
by three people, and Saber Athena, the fastest
Yeager known to man kind.
Last but not least, they are introduced to
the machine which Lambert pilots, the Gypsy
Avenger and it's massive nuclear core.
They arrive inside the facility for the cadets,
and Amara meets her teammates that she'll
be training together with,
but has a hard time being accepted due to
her criminal backgrounds.
What's even worse, her training goes very
poorly as she continuously gets defeated by
the simulations, due to her poor capabilities
of piloting with the others.
Her underwhelming performance makes her look
even worse in front of her teammates, and
Lambert question why she's even chosen to
be here.
At the same time, the owner of Shao Industries,
Liwen has arrived to the base as well, along
side with Mako and their leading scientist,
Doctor Newton.
They present the military leaders with their
new inventions, which includes automated Yeagers
that can be deployed much faster than the
ones with humans inside.
This would also skip the tedious processes
of training pilots, which can save the military
a lot of time and resources.
However, many are not happy with the woman's
proposal as the automation of Yeagers would
also render the pilots useless.
Mako is also very skeptical about this new
technology as she believes that it's vulnerable
to hackers, potentially causing more harm
than good if it falls into the wrong hands.
This is why she plans to vote against the
company in the council summits, and She wants
her Brother to accompany her as guard of honor
inside Gypsy Avenger,
making sure that no riots would take place.
Very soon, they arrive at the council summit
in Australia, and Gypsy Avenger is brought
towards the people with Jake and Lambert inside
as the pilots.
The planes drop the giant machine right in
front of the protestors, and Jake struggles
to keep balance, being rusty from years of
absence.
Mako arrives as well inside a helicopter,
but they soon begin to sense that something
is wrong as all the birds are flying towards
them, as if they are running away from something
big.
Suddenly, a large Yeager called Obsidian Fury
jumps out from the oceans and rushes towards
land, completely disregarding the civilians
below as everyone tries to run for their lives.
The rogue machine shoots directly at the helicopter,
barely missing the target as the missiles
continue toward Gypsy Avenger,
but Jake is able to dodge the attack in the
last moment, causing huge explosions on the
buildings behind.
The helipad on the skyscraper is knocked off
and falls quickly towards the people below,
but Gypsy is able to catch the massive concrete
just in time,
saving Liwen and all the civilians beside
her.
At the same time, Mako discovered something
familiar about the enemy's power signature,
trying to warn Jake on the radio,
but Obsidian Fury is able to jam the signals
nearby, terminating all the communications
in the area.
While the Yeager is distracted, Gypsy Avenger
throws the Helipad towards the enemy's head
and charges in to attack,
but the opponent quickly counters by knocking
them backwards into a building, and landing
a devastating uppercut that sends them flying
into the air.
Obsidian Fury continues to pummel Gypsy as
it throws the Yeager around like a ragdoll,
crashing the robot into the buildings and
knocking them away by using a powerful blast.
Gypsy manages to recover from the attack and
takes out the sword from it's arsenal, but
the enemy is able to out weapon them with
two blades, and slashes at them furiously.
Gypsy struggles to avoid the attacks while
getting completely dominated by it's opponent
as it gets punched around continuously.
The enemy eventually misses one of the attacks
and slashes downwards into a building, giving
Gypsy Avenger the chance to strike using it's
elbow rocket that sends the enemy flying backwards.
However, Obsidian quickly counters by using
it's missiles again, causing huge explosions
on the buildings nearby and hitting the helicopter
that Mako is in,
sending the woman crashing towards the ground.
Seeing that his sister is in trouble, Jake
decides to use their most powerful weapon
that levitates numerous cars in the air,
and launches them onto Obsidian Fury using
tremendous force that knocks the enemy onto
the ground.
Gypsy turns around immediately and rushes
towards the falling chopper, trying desperately
to save Mako and all the soldiers on board.
In the last moment, the woman is able to send
a message to the headquarters as she sees
her brother jumping towards her using all
his might,
but eventually fails to catch the helicopter
as it crashes down onto the ground and explodes
into a million pieces.
Jake sees the explosions and shouts for Mako's
name, running desperately towards the fires,
and refusing to accept his sister's death.
Obsidian Fury walks towards the fallen Gypsy,
trying to finish the kill, but soon realizes
that other Yeagers are closing by and chooses
to run away quickly, vanishing into the oceans.
Jake is greatly affected by his sister's death
as he sees her picture on the hall of heroes,
but the man has little time to mourn as he
gets called to the meeting regarding Mako's
message.
Apparently, they are able to receive part
of the transmission despite the signal jam
and Doctor Hermann is able to reconstruct
the informations,
ending up with a GPS location of a decommissioned
Yeager manufacturing facility is Siberia.
Jake decides to head there right away, as
he wishes nothing more than to avenger Mako's
death and find out the real culprit behind
the attacks.
Meanwhile, Shao Industries has been granted
full permission to deploy their drones especially
after the battle in the council summits.
Liwen orders Newton to prepare all their yeagers
for deployment within 2 days, while all the
giant machine are being assembled in the massive
factory.
The doctor goes home after a long day of work,
and begins talking with his imaginary girlfriend,
which turns out to be a kaiju's brain that
he calls Alice.
The man proceeds to join his mind with the
alien creature, suggesting that this has been
going on for a very long time.
On the other side, Gypsy Avenger has arrived
in front of the decommissioned Yeager facility
in Siberia, and begins finding some strange
reading on their radars.
Suddenly, numerous missiles are launched towards
them, landing hits on the yeager and destroying
the facility as the buildings are consumed
by the explosions.
It turns out that Obsidian Fury has followed
them here as well, and Gypsy immediately charges
towards the enemy,
tackling the giant robot to the ground and
punching it continuous as they fall into a
massive cliff.
The two yeagers crash out from the ice mountains
and lands on the ground, but Obsidian Fury
is able to recover quickly and fires a powerful
laser beam from it's chest,
forcing Gypsy into a defense and destroying
everything nearby.
With no other choice, Jake decides to evade
the attack by breaking the ice underneath,
allowing Gypsy to escape from being blown
to pieces.
Obsidian walks towards the giant hole to examine
the opponent, only to see a missile fly out
from underneath and as it heads towards the
yeager, knocking it inside the water as well.
Gypsy takes the chance and charges at the
enemy, tackling Obsidian towards the surface
and finally gains the upper hand.
The yeager uses the plasma cannon and fires
at the opponent, knocking Obsidian backwards
as it tumbles across field, but it did not
take long before the enemy recovers once again.
The two giant machines run towards each other
welding their swords and Gypsy manages to
evade the attacks while slashing the at the
opponent, cutting Obsidian right across the
chest.
Seeing that the enemy's hurt, Gypsy charges
in for the kill by hitting the opponent multiple
times, eventually managing to overpower Obsidian.
The yeager punches a hole in the enemy's chest,
taking out it's power core and finally ending
the fight, as the giant robot falls towards
the ground.
Gypsy walks towards the fallen yeager and
rips open it's control hub, only to see that
there's no one inside except for something
that resembles a brain.
They take the remains back to the headquarters
and Doctor Hermann is able to confirm that
the organic specimens are very similar to
Kaiju brains.
what's different is that these materials have
no signs of radiations from the other universe,
suggesting that they are engineered by humans.
Furthermore, after examining the inner structure
of the Yeager, the team found that many of
the technologies are very similar to Shao
Industries'.
Hermann plans to seek out Newton for answer,
as the man has all the records of the company's
productions, while Jake decides to warn their
superiors about their new findings.
At the same time, many of Liwen's drone are
being brought towards the base, so they can
defend the facility against further attacks.
However, the machines quickly begin to malfunction
as organic materials burst out from their
heads, transforming them into Kaiju hybrids
that destroys everything in sight.
The giant monsters make it onto the base and
causes tremendous damage, trying to destroy
all the Yeagers while no pilots are inside.
On the other side, Hermann has finally found
Newton and desperately tells the man about
the killer drones from their company.
Hermann thinks that Liwen has planned this
from the very beginning, and wants Newton
to help him shut down the robots.
They make it into the control center and forces
all the scientists out, but Hermann soon realizes
that something is wrong as Newton begins activating
even more drones.
Numerous Kaiju hybrid arise from the oceans
everywhere and begins pouring their energies
together, opening portals towards the alien's
universe.
It turns out that Newton's mind has been infected
by the precursors after many unions with the
Kaiju's brain, and he seeks to destroy humanity
just like 10 years ago.
Luckily, Liwen rushes in just in time and
shoots at Newton, forcing the man to run away.
The woman quickly tries to disable her drones,
eventually managing to bypass the firewalls
and reboot the systems,
destroying the kaiju brains inside the machines
and causing the robots to fall towards the
ground.
The drones in the ocean near the headquarters
are also disabled, causing the portal to close
prematurely and cutting the Kaiju in half
as it tries to climb out.
However, their efforts were not enough as
three kaiju have made it out from the other
portals, including Hakuja and Strikehron along
side their big brother Raijin.
They try to analyze the movement patterns
of the giant monsters and found out that they
are all moving towards Mount Fuji.
Hermann speculates that the aliens are trying
use the Kaiju's blood, which reacts violently
with elements in the planet's core,
allowing them to activate the ring of fire
around the pacific ocean, essentially terraforming
Earth and destroying all life in the process.
They quickly gather up all the human resources
they can and by working together with Liwen
and Shao Industries, repairing the Yeagers
and preparing them for battle.
The cadets are put into the giant machines,
where rockets are welded to the yeager's backs.
The giant robots are eventually able to achieve
take off, launching into the sky and heading
towards the enemies.
Meanwhile, the giant monsters have arrived
inside Tokyo, as they wreck havoc everywhere
they go, knocking over the buildings and sending
the people flying in the air.
The three monsters regroup together as they
head towards the mountain, but the yeagers
quickly arrive to intercept the enemies, as
they jump off the rockets and land inside
the cities.
After receiving the orders from Hermann that
the people have all evacuated, the team charges
at the monsters all together.
Saber Athena takes out her swords and slashes
across Hakuja, kicking the monster furiously
and sending it crashing into the buildings.
Gypsy avenger charges at Raijin and throws
a devastating punch at the monster,
but the kaiju is able to absorb the energies
and counters using tremendous power, knocking
the yeager across the city, barely missing
its teammate in the process.
Bracer Phoenix tries to attack the Kaiju using
its massive guns, but gets knock over through
the buildings like a ragdoll, crashing into
Guardian Bravo as a result.
With no other choice, Gypsy avenger decides
to use its gravity gun and begins toppling
the building towards Raijin,
landing numerous hits at the giant monster,
but the Kaiju refuses to go down.
Hakuja tries to ambush the yeager, but Athena
manages to kick the monster across the face
and keep the enemy away from it's teammate.
While everyone is busy fighting, Strikethron
tries to ambush Athena, knocking the robot's
weapons away and charging furiously forwards,
pinning the yeager on a building.
Bracer Pheonix sees this and fires numerous
rounds at the ambusher, pushing the Kaiju
back away from the humans.
Guardian Bravo rushes in to help as well,
unleashing it's massive whip and striking
Hakuja continuously, knocking the monster
away from Athena as it crashes into the buildings.
Hakuja appears to retreat underground away
from the fight, but the monster reemerges
quickly behind Bracer Phoenix, trying to ambush
the yeager once again.
Luckily, the cadets saw the monster coming,
and the robot begins shooting at the Kaiju
using it's cannons, pushing Hakuja back as
it scream in pain.
The yeagers eventually gain the upper hand
and continues to pummel the enemies as they
begin to win the battle.
However, what they don't realize is that Newton
is watching them from afar,
planning to help the creatures by releasing
numerous drones from inside the buildings,
heading directly towards the kaijus.
The machines begin to crawl onto the monsters
and changing their physiology, fusing the
three kaijus into something a lot bigger,
eventually creating a mega Kaiju that towers
over all the yeagers, as it roars furiously
and sending all the cars in the air.
The Yeagers all charge forwards with their
guns blazing, shooting all their weapons at
the same time,
but the Mega Kaiju punches the ground and
creates a massive shockwave, knocking all
the fighters away.
Guardian Bravo manages to resist the attack
and charges furiously at the enemy, launching
its weapon at the monster,
but the Kaiju is able to stop the attack and
throws the yeager into the buildings, eventually
tossing the machine using tremendous force,
destroying the robot completely.
Saber Athena jumps in to attack as well, but
is quickly cut into pieces by the monster's
tail, and the thrown into the backgrounds.
Bracer Phoenix launches the giant mace towards
the kaiju, but the attack is not effective
as the monster grabs onto the yeager and begins
ripping everything apart.
Luckily, the cadets are able to eject in time
by using the escape pods, and Amara is able
to survive alongside her teammates.
The mega kaiju continues towards the mountain,
but Gypsy jumps out from the buildings and
slashes at the monster, knocking it towards
the ground.
Gypsy tries to hold off the Kaiju by using
the plasma cannon, but the monster attacks
the yeager's head using its tail,
wounding Lambert in the process, while the
robot gets knocked away into the buildings.
Newton mocks the human's failure at defeating
his creature, which captures the kaiju's attention,
but surprisingly, the monster ignores the
man as it continues towards Mount Fuji.
Without a second pilot, Jake has no way to
stop the enemy, but Amara shows up soon towards
the yeager and decides to operate the machine
along side her friend.
To their surprise, Liwen appears as well by
controlling Amara's yeager, Scrapper, and
she brings one of the rockets for Gypsy so
they can finally stop the kaiju.
The rocket begins to ignite and drags the
yeager across the city, eventually propelling
the giant machine upwards while scrapper tries
desperately to hold on.
They eventually makes it into the atmospheres
before the rocket loses all the fuels and
the yeager begins to free fall towards the
ground.
Gypsy throws the rocket away and begins charging
towards the mega Kaiju, planning to crash
into the enemy as it begins to catch on fire.
The main character grabs onto Amara and tries
to use the escape pots, but the system begins
to malfunction, trapping them inside as result.
Luckily, Scrapper is able to drill into the
yeager and offers them a way out, as it jumps
away from Gypsy in the last moment.
The mega kaiju finally makes it to the entrance
of the mountain's peak, but gypsy flies in
and smashes into the monster, causing a giant
shockwave that knocks them into pieces.
Surprisingly, the massive kaiju is able to
get up one last time, but ultimately dies
as the monster's lower body is completely
destroyed.
Jake is able to escape along side Amara thanks
to her yeager, Scrapper, and the two are able
to celebrate after finally saving the world.
Sometimes later, Newton is captured inside
a secret facility, while Jake walks in and
decides to learn everything about the precursors,
planning to attack the aliens in their own
universe and taking the fight to the enemies.
So what do you guys think about this movie?
Let me know in the comments below!
And if you like my video please press like
and subscribe for more, I'll see you guys
next time!